fix(xo-web): better handling of free and trial users (#8557)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

### Bug fixes

> Users must be able to say: “I had this issue, happy to know it's fixed”

> - [xo-web]: better handling of trial and free users 

Reviewer: To keep it user-oriented
```suggestion
- [Licence]: better handling of trial and free users 
```
